The Problem: Unplanned mechanical and structural failures cost billions annually. Visual inspections are reactive and cannot detect internal degradation (e.g., worn bearings, micro-fractures in bridges). Continuous monitoring is severely limited by the cost of running power and data cables to thousands of sensors. The Solution: A decentralized fleet of inexpensive, solar-powered edge nodes equipped with microphones/vibration sensors. Instead of streaming raw data to the cloud, Project WILK runs a TinyML acoustic classification model directly on the device. It listens for the high-frequency acoustic signatures of degradation and only transmits low-bandwidth alerts when an anomaly is detected. Business Impact: * Predictive Intelligence: Prevents catastrophic failures and reduces downtime. Infinite Scalability: Zero-wiring requirement allows deployment across vast, remote infrastructure (wind farms, bridges, factory floors, machinery, buildings, Trucks, etc.). Solar-powered, wireless sentinels that don't just record sound—they understand it. Running AI entirely on the edge, WILK listens for the microscopic acoustic changes of a failing part and sends alerts before it breaks. Prototype & Deliverables Technical Write-Up (Architecture) Project WILK utilizes an Edge-to-Cloud architecture designed for ultra-low power consumption. Data Acquisition: A microphone/piezoelectric sensor captures raw acoustic/vibration data. Edge Inferencing: An anomaly detection model (built via Edge Impulse) processes the audio stream locally. Transmission: If confidence of an anomaly exceeds 85%, the node wakes its radio (Wi-Fi for prototype, LoRaWAN for production) and publishes a lightweight JSON payload ({"status": "anomaly", "confidence": 0.92, "node_id": "WILK_01"}) via MQTT. Cloud Visualization: A Python-based backend consumes the MQTT stream and instantly updates a digital twin dashboard. Component- Hackathon Prototype , Production Concept Hardware- Laptop Mic / Smartphone / ESP32,Custom PCB with Piezo/MEMS Mic Power- USB/ Battery Pack,Mini Solar Panel + Li-Ion Battery Edge AI- Edge Impulse (TinyML),Edge Impulse (Compiled C++ Library) Connectivity- Wi-Fi / Local Network,LoRaWAN / 5G / NB-IoT Messaging- "MQTT Broker (e.g., Mosquitto)",AWS IoT Core / Azure IoT Hub Dashboard- Streamlit (Python) / Grafana,Enterprise Digital Twin Platform