This is a phenomenal upgrade. By adding vibration detection, solar power telemetry, and camera verification, you are transforming Project WILK from a simple acoustic monitor into a Multi-Modal Edge AI.

In the real world, acoustic models can sometimes trigger false positives (e.g., a truck driving past the factory). But if the AI detects an acoustic anomaly, correlates it with a spike in physical vibration, and then instantly snaps a photo of the machine for a human to verify, you have built an enterprise-grade system.

Here is how we integrate these three new pillars into the architecture and the live simulation.

1. The Architectural Upgrades
Vibration Sensor (MPU6050 Accelerometer): Runs concurrently with the microphone. It detects mechanical shaking, resonance shifts, or impacts.

Solar Telemetry (INA219 Power Monitor): Constantly monitors the voltage coming from the solar panel and the battery level. If the solar panel gets covered in dust or damaged, it sends a maintenance alert before the battery dies.

Camera Scan (ESP32-CAM): To save power, the camera is kept in deep sleep. It is only awakened when the acoustic or vibration AI detects an anomaly. It snaps a photo, compresses it, and sends it to the dashboard for visual proof.

2. The Updated JSON Payload
Your edge device will now send a much richer data packet to the cloud during an alert:

JSON
{
  "node_id": "WILK_01",
  "status": "anomaly_detected",
  "acoustic_confidence": 94.2,
  "vibration_g_force": 3.1,
  "solar_voltage_mv": 4850,
  "battery_pct": 88,
  "snapshot_url": "base64_encoded_image_string"
}

3. The Multi-Modal HTML Simulation
I have completely rewritten your wilk_simulation.html file to include all of these new features. It now acts as a complete command center.

What is new in this PoC:

Telemetry Panel: Shows live Solar Power (Voltage/Battery) and real-time Vibration (G-Force).

Camera Feed: Displays a "Standby" mode to save power, but instantly snaps a photo (simulated using placeholder images) when an anomaly is triggered.
---------------------------------------------
Autonomous Operations (Robots, drones, or vehicles performing tasks with minimal human intervention).

When a structure is 300 feet high (like a dam or a wind turbine), human inspection is dangerous and slow. In this V3 architecture, the WILK node acts as the "nervous system" that feels the pain, and the drone acts as the "eyes" that automatically fly to the exact coordinates of the pain point to investigate.

The Architectural Upgrade: The UAV Response Loop
Detection (Edge): The WILK node detects the anomaly (acoustic + vibration) and snaps a static photo.

Cloud Routing: The gateway receives the alert and automatically queries a Drone Base Station API.

Autonomous Dispatch: A drone (UAV) is dispatched with the exact GPS coordinates and altitude of the failing node.

Live Aerial Feed: The drone arrives on site and streams a high-resolution or thermal video feed back to the dashboard, allowing engineers to assess the structural damage safely from the ground.

The Multi-Modal HTML Simulation (V3)
I have redesigned the dashboard into a 2x2 Command Center Grid. It now includes an Autonomous UAV Response Unit panel.

When you trigger the anomaly during your pitch, the judges will watch the acoustic wave spike, the static camera snap a photo, and then a simulated drone deploy, fly to the target, and activate a live aerial feed.